content/1.index.md, before:

---
layout: default
head.title: DuDev
description: A Sofware engineer portfolio & blog.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/craiyon_V_logo.png'
---
#title
Hi, I am Chakir QATAB.
#description
- 🚀 Passionate Tech Enthusiast | IT Leader with a Global Impact

Welcome to my corner of the digital universe! I'm [Chakir], an accomplished IT professional driven by a fervent passion for technology and a relentless pursuit of excellence. With a track record of leading innovation, strategic planning, and successful project management, I'm here to share my journey and insights with you.
::
---



::card-grid
  ::card{icon=🌐}
  #title
  Technology Stacks Architect
  #description
  My specialty lies in crafting advanced technology infrastructures that empower multinational marketing and digital groups to thrive in the ever-evolving digital landscape.
  ::

  ::card{icon=📊}
  #title
  Efficient Project Management
  #description
  I have a knack for orchestrating projects with precision, optimizing resources, and consistently delivering exceptional results within timeframes and budgets.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🤝}
  #title
  Talent Acquisition Expert: 
  #description
  Building high-performing teams is not just a goal; it's a passion. I've honed the art of talent acquisition through rigorous processes that ensure only the best join the ranks.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🛠️}
  #title
  DevOps Champion: 
  #description
  I advocate for the power of DevOps practices, seamlessly bridging the gap between development and operations across cloud platforms like Azure, AWS, and DigitalOcean.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🌟}
  #title
  Immersive Experiences Leader:
  #description
  Guiding agencies to create immersive solutions for renowned clients like Du, Etisalat, and DP World has been an exciting journey, pushing boundaries and unlocking new possibilities.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🔧}
  #title
  Robust Solutions Architect: Using the MEAN Stack, 
  #description
  I've engineered solid solutions that have left a mark for clients, including Landmark, Dubai Airport, and many others.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🏆}
  #title
  Award-Winning Innovator: 
  #description
  Crafting award-winning websites for esteemed clients such as Coca Cola Maroc and the Emagine Agency website has been both a source of pride and a testament to the creativity embedded in my work.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🎮}
  #title
  Game Development Pro:
  #description
  I've had the pleasure of designing over 20 mini-games for major corporations like Marco Telecom, Inwi, Huawei, and more, adding an element of fun and engagement to their brand experiences.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=💳}
  #title
  E-commerce & FinTech Expert:
  #description
  My expertise extends to designing and building E-commerce and FinTech solutions, complete with integrated payment gateways like Stripe, Checkout, and CC Avenue, enhancing financial capabilities and customer experiences.
  ::
::



::gallery
---
images:
  - /craiyon_122021________.png
  - /craiyon_S_and_V.png
  - /craiyon_nuxt_logo.png
  - /craiyon_GIGABYTE.png
---
::

Commit message:

update my bio description using Chat GPT what he thinks about

content/1.index.md, after:

---
layout: default
head.title: DuDev
description: A Sofware engineer portfolio & blog.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/craiyon_V_logo.png'
---
#title
Hi, I am Chakir QATAB.
#description
- 🚀 Passionate Tech Enthusiast | IT Leader with a Global Impact

Welcome to my personal blog! I'm a tech enthusiast based in the vibrant city of Dubai, where I serve as the CTO of a dynamic tech company. My journey in the tech world has been fueled by a passion for open source and community building. Over the years, I've had the privilege of guiding and helping countless individuals navigate the ever-evolving landscape of technology. Whether you're here to learn about the latest in tech, explore spiritual insights, or dive into the fascinating realms of physics and science, you've come to the right place.

Beyond my professional pursuits, I'm an avid reader, sports enthusiast, and a firm believer in enjoying every day to the fullest. I've authored ten books on various topics, each reflecting my diverse interests and commitment to sharing knowledge. This blog is a space where I combine my love for technology, spiritual life, and personal growth. Join me as we explore these exciting subjects together, and let's make each day a journey of learning and discovery.
::
---



::card-grid
  ::card{icon=🌐}
  #title
  Technology Stacks Architect
  #description
  My specialty lies in crafting advanced technology infrastructures that empower multinational marketing and digital groups to thrive in the ever-evolving digital landscape.
  ::

  ::card{icon=📊}
  #title
  Efficient Project Management
  #description
  I have a knack for orchestrating projects with precision, optimizing resources, and consistently delivering exceptional results within timeframes and budgets.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🤝}
  #title
  Talent Acquisition Expert: 
  #description
  Building high-performing teams is not just a goal; it's a passion. I've honed the art of talent acquisition through rigorous processes that ensure only the best join the ranks.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🛠️}
  #title
  DevOps Champion: 
  #description
  I advocate for the power of DevOps practices, seamlessly bridging the gap between development and operations across cloud platforms like Azure, AWS, and DigitalOcean.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🌟}
  #title
  Immersive Experiences Leader:
  #description
  Guiding agencies to create immersive solutions for renowned clients like Du, Etisalat, and DP World has been an exciting journey, pushing boundaries and unlocking new possibilities.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🔧}
  #title
  Robust Solutions Architect: Using the MEAN Stack, 
  #description
  I've engineered solid solutions that have left a mark for clients, including Landmark, Dubai Airport, and many others.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🏆}
  #title
  Award-Winning Innovator: 
  #description
  Crafting award-winning websites for esteemed clients such as Coca Cola Maroc and the Emagine Agency website has been both a source of pride and a testament to the creativity embedded in my work.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=🎮}
  #title
  Game Development Pro:
  #description
  I've had the pleasure of designing over 20 mini-games for major corporations like Marco Telecom, Inwi, Huawei, and more, adding an element of fun and engagement to their brand experiences.
  :: 

  ::card{icon=💳}
  #title
  E-commerce & FinTech Expert:
  #description
  My expertise extends to designing and building E-commerce and FinTech solutions, complete with integrated payment gateways like Stripe, Checkout, and CC Avenue, enhancing financial capabilities and customer experiences.
  ::
::



::gallery
---
images:
  - /craiyon_122021________.png
  - /craiyon_S_and_V.png
  - /craiyon_nuxt_logo.png
  - /craiyon_GIGABYTE.png
---
::
